# OpenSourcePaper
This is my analysis of Open Source in regards to Linux, GNU, Richard Stallman and Linus Torvalds as well as Red Hat


Alec Stough
Professor Dunn
CIT-255
1 October 2021
Open Source Analysis Paper
	Open Source is a very interesting idea and the level that Richard Stallman was supporting it was impressive in a way. I understand the drive that he had to fight for open source which was challenging because of the way that the world and humans work. Richard Stallman however was very extreme on the matter going as far as getting copyleft to come into play. Copyleft is a way to make it so that as someone adds onto the work already made so that modifiers have freedom to produce things without cost, so long as they do not charge for what they are able to create. I believe in today’s age it would have been a lot harder to accomplish this because of how much people are money driven and almost stingier now. The resources are there but the catch is that you have to allow others to build off of your ideas and create other things. For example, Linus Torvalds and his Linux Kernel came to be based off of Stallman’s GNU. In the speech where Linus talked about his product you could tell that even Stallman wanted to have some credit to the part that his work provided. With this we can see the problem with open source and that even though it was free to use and modify with Linus creating Linux and how big that was Stallman tried to get Linus to admit that a lot of it was due to his creation of GNU. He kept saying this is the GNU/Linux OS. 
	Another point that I wanted to bring up was the people form Red Hat that contributed that were not able to get stocks and did not feel that they were getting their fair share of the glory. However, there were the people that did not care because they just needed the software to be able to use for themselves. So, there is this divide between what one interviewee called them “hardcore guys” and the not so hardcore guys. There is always going to be people for and against an idea and we can clearly see that with the whole linux and gnu debacle and then as well as the red hat situation where people did not get a chance to get some stocks in it and felt as if they had not been given the credit that they thought that they deserved. The point that I am trying to make is that I respect the drive that Stallman had to keep it open source and to allow for everyone to have access to these resources but there is always going to be some kind of greed that goes head on with this idea of if you use it you have to allow for others to use your production for free as well. The biggest part of this is that people want to have credit for the work that they do and even Stallman wanted people to call linux the GNU/Linux so that his GNU had some attention paid to it. Open Source and Copyleft sound great but there is always going to be somebody that is going to feel they are not getting the credit that they deserve.
